
The purpose and inspiration:
What drove you to build what you built? Whether you created something to solve a problem, or just for fun, judges like to know why. 
We wanted to create a tool to help hospitals and other COVID-19 vaccine distribution centers to record and report vaccines that are wasted. The CDC reports
that many vaccines are going to waste, but there is no concerted effort to track all of this waste

The product itself:
What did you actually create? Demonstrate what your project does, and how it works. This is your time to shine, so don’t hesitate to show off the parts 
you are proud of.
We build a dashboard to display wasted vaccines over time and by location. Also hospitals/distribution centers can report their wasted vaccines.

The process:
Your hackathon experience doesn’t just revolve around the final version of your project prototype, so it’s important to show your working process 
throughout the weekend. What challenges did you face and how did you overcome them? Did your project idea change and evolve as you were working?
Got stuck many times. 

What did you learn?:
Hopefully, you learned a lot of things this weekend! Did you try a new skill or improve on something you don’t have much experience with? 
Maybe you did some design for the first time, or worked with people you haven’t met before! Judges like to see when you’ve stepped out of your comfort zone.
None of us have ever done a hackathon (?). We all worked with technologies we had not before. Connecting the dots.

What’s next for your project?
Is there anything else you wish you had time to add to your project? How could you improve on your project in the future?
There are definitely a lot of features we would have loved to implement with more time. Tracking which types/brands were wasted,
creating a way for hospitals to log vaccines that are about to expire to connect to a public facing notification system where people can sign up to receive
vaccines that would otherwise go bad, more ways to display the data (in a map, adding different filter metrics to the graph and table).